removed dockerfile as it's not necessary for a barebone app mode example (#4)
deephaven-examples/app-mode-init-groovy: README.md

### Components

* `data/app.d` - The app mode directory. Deephaven expects this to contain at least one `*.app` file.
* `data/app.d/app.app` - The app mode config file. This defines what type of script to run on launch.
* `data/app.d/init.groovy` - The Groovy script to run on launch.

> * `docker-compose.yml` - The docker-compose file for the application. This is mostly the same as the [Deephaven docker-compose file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/deephaven/deephaven-core/main/containers/groovy-examples/docker-compose.yml), but with modifications to run app mode, specifically the `-Ddeephaven.application.dir=/app.d` flag being set on the `grpc-api`.

Author: ```suggestion
* `docker-compose.yml` - The docker-compose file for the application. This is mostly the same as the [Deephaven docker-compose file](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/deephaven/deephaven-core/main/containers/groovy-examples/docker-compose.yml), but with modifications to run app mode, specifically the `-Ddeephaven.application.dir=/app.d` flag being set on the `server` image.
```
